Fair Fanny Moore.
Yonder is a cottage, all dark and alone.
It's... green and all overgrown.
Go there and you'll see some dark spots on the floor
Alas, it is the blood of the fair Fanny Moore.
When Fanny was blooming, two lovers there came.
One offered his riches, and he offered his fame.
His fame and his riches both failed to allure
The ...burning bosom of the fair Fanny Moore.
The next was young Edward, a man of low degree.
He offered his heart, and raptured was he.
And straightway to the altar, he quickly did secure
the heart and the hand of the fair Fanny Moore.
When Fanny was sitting in her cottage one day,
business had called her fond husband away.
Young Raniel, the haughty, he opened the door.
And clasped to his bosom the fair Fanny Moore.
O Raniel, o Raniel, o Raniel, she cried.
O spare, o spare me.
She wrung her hands and cried.
O fair lov'r Fanny, go to your land of rest.
And it plunged a dagger through her snowy white breast.
While Fanny was bleeding in her bloodstain she died.
Young Edward was taken and straightway was tried.
And hung upon the willow by the side of the door.
For shedding the blood of the fair Fanny Moore.
Young Edward the shepherd went distracted and wild.
He roamed around a while.
On his own made a sign that laid clear as they could.
From his own cottage door and laid down side of the fair Fanny Moore.